archer weapons:
Arrow of Brahma - The arrow given by the sage Agastya to Rama (seventh avatar of Vishnu) and was used to kill Ravana.
Gandiva - An indestructible bow with a 100 strings created by Brahma and later used by Arjuna.
Kaundinya's bow - A magic bow wielded by the Brahman Kaundinya I, who used it to make the Naga princess Soma fall in love with him.
Kodandam - Rama's bow.
Pinaka - The great bow of Shiva, arrows fired from the bow could not be intercepted.
Sharanga - The bow of the Hindu God Vishnu.
Sharkha - The bow of Krishna, eight avatar of Vishnu.
Shiva Dhanush (Shiva's bow) - A bow given by Shiva to Janaka and broken by Rama during Sita's swayamvara.
Vijaya - The bow of Karna, one of the greatest hero of the Hindu epic Mahabharata.The bow of Indra is also called Vijaya.
Ichaival - A bow possessed by Odin. Another source said it came from Ydalir, the home of the god Ullr. It possessed the power of each pull of just one arrow will release ten arrows.



mage weapon:
Kaladanda - the staff of Death is a special and lethal club used by the God Yama or God of Naraka or Hell in Hindu mythology. It was the ultimate weapon; once fired it would kill anybody before it no matter what boons he had to protect himself.
Gríðarvölr - A magical staff given to Thor by Gríðr so he could kill the giant Geirröd.
The Jem of Kukulkan - the Mayan Serpents Jem has the ability to control all elements. Like fire, wind, and ice, though the Serpent only has the wind jem.
Astra - Divine celestial weapons with devastating impacts which could be invoked by reciting mantras and forming hand signs.
Kaladanda - the staff of Death is a special and lethal club used by the God Yama or God of Naraka or Hell in Hindu mythology. It was the ultimate weapon; once fired it would kill anybody before it no matter what boons he had to protect himself.
Kha?va?ga - In Hinduism, the god Shiva-Rudra carried the khatva?ga as a staff weapon and are thus referred to as khatva?gis.




Knight weapon:
Angurvadal (Stream of Anguish) - A magical sword of Viking, and later Frithiof. The sword was inscribed with Runic letters, which blazed in time of war, but gleamed with a dim light in time of peace.
Dáinsleif - King Högni's sword that gave wounds that never healed and could not be unsheathed without killing a man.
Fragarach – Sword of the god of the seas Manannan mac Lir and later Lugh in Irish legend; it was said to be a weapon that no armour could stop.
Caladbolg – Two-handed sword of Fergus mac Róich in Irish legend; said to make a circle like an arc of rainbow when swung, and to have the power to cleave the tops from the hills.
Excalibur - The sword King Arthur got from the lady of the lake.
Durendal – Indestructible sword of Roland.
Kusanagi – Legendary Japanese sword.
Honjo Masamune - A legendary and very real Japanese sword (with alleged mythical abilities), created by Japan's greatest swordsmith, Goro Nyudo Masamune. The Masamune sword is by far the most referenced Japanese sword in popular fiction, ranging through books, movies and computer games.
Dyrnwyn – Sword of Rhydderch Hael in Welsh legend; When drawn, it blazed with fire; if drawn by a worthy man, the fire would help him in his cause, but its fire would burn the man who drew it for an unworthy purpose.

